Let's all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
She was disgusted he couldn't tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
He drank life before spitting it out.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
The family's excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
Two seats were vacant.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
The father died during childbirth.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn't and they don't recommend anyone else do it either.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
I don't respect anybody who can't tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
The child's favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father's lawnmower came in.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady's bag of food.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.